[Music]
hey what's going on guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
thriller film titanium
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
a thousand years ago the planet earth
was deserted
and no longer suitable for the human
species to extend their dying
civilization
humans began to explore the deep space
and found many alien planets suitable
for their colonies
the first human pioneers fled the planet
earth and took those planets for refuges
people in those scattered alien refuges
started to establish the freedom
alliance bonding them together
on the planet called titanium which has
an earth-like environment but is covered
with heavy clouds for most of the time
though
humans have built a model utopian city
under the control of a central ai
supervision system
to manage and supervise people's daily
life
in the name of protecting people from
the harsh alien environment
the city is made isolated from the
outside dangerous primitive land
what's more the people there have to
endure surveillance all the time
and give away most of their freedom that
they're supposed to enjoy on earth
upon arriving at the utopian city anna
is assigned with her least favorite job
and a disgusting husband resulting in
her hate of such a system
the ai supervision system however
detects anna's tendency of disobedience
because of that it deletes her legal
citizen status
and as a punishment exiles her with
other prisoners into the primitive land
which is inhabited by some unknown
horrible creatures
while standing before such a creepy
landscape they realize that this is
actually a death sentence for them the
only hope to survive
is to make their way through the unknown
places and reach the so-called paradise
an island said to be the only safe place
outside the city
before starting the dangerous journey
the outcasts are given an iron box
with some foods and weapons inside which
however are later taken over by a bully
guy
who wants to play as the dominator and
directs the rest to follow his way
a hormone mature guy owen however only
wants to make his
own way to the paradise where he seems
to know very well about the primitive
land
without any clear ideas anna chooses to
follow on
only because his hormone smells better
than others
during the following fighting for the
supplies owen takes one of the bully
guy's men hostage
in exchange he successfully grabs the
iron box which he wants most of all the
supplies
after the entrance gate to the city
closes up and the radiation guns are
activated
the outcasts have to begin their journey
into the mystery land
the bully guy makes his way with his men
in a direction slightly different to
that of owen
who drags the heavy box with anna and
moves ahead slowly
a few moments later however a suspicious
girl previously in the bully guys team
turns horny and runs to owen begging to
join him on the following journey
smelling of her rival's hormone anna
interrupts
and distracts owen away from the horny
girl but right at that time
they nearly get shot by the radiation
gun from the city
owen then refuses the girl to join him
trying to avoid further attack they have
to take cover from the rocks
and crawl their way slowly to the
magnetic region where the radiation gun
is made and validated
while cleaning her dirty body carelessly
and is almost attacked by an
alien creature bearing horrible electric
tentacles
owen however risks his life to control
its deadly tentacle
and makes anna cut it off stabbed
injured though on
turns the tentacle into a whip as his
new weapon which proves to help deal
with the bully guy and his men
who come to the same area for the iron
box but when an ana later set out on
their voyage
while the bully guys team follow tightly
behind
to a place where owen smells the danger
he drags anna down on the ground quickly
trying to avoid a trap they've got
inside
unbeknownst to the other outcasts the
creatures soon trap them with tentacles
some stay still on the ground and turn
to be safe
while a boy who runs in a panic however
gets entangled and taken away for food
after the attack owen and anna rushed to
get out of this area
on the other side the commander orders
the soldiers to track owen down
and bring him back to the city it seems
that owen is a vip to the military
waking up from her nap anna is horrified
to find that
swarms of giant alien bugs are
approaching near from the hilltop
she tries to run away but owen stops her
and hides with her inside the iron box
after the bug army sweep over the cou
only finds that the iron box is left
broken with holes
they have to discard the damaged box
before continuing their way through the
primitive land
seeing owen going far away the
suspicious girl leads the team once
again
and one ahead for owen the bully guy
tries to catch her back
but gets submerged into a swamp the girl
explains that only owen knows how to
reach the paradise safe
for he's the engineer of the city
everybody just goes in owens direction
in a hurry while leaving the desperate
bully guy alone
who's however pulled out by a priest
before he's totally sucked into the
smash
anna later learns of owen's real
identity as an engineer of the as system
who indeed hates the inhuman
surveillance and tries to put an end to
the tyranny on this planet
by having the ai system infected with a
virus which spreads rapidly
and definitely will shut down its whole
defense system
the virus was created by himself and
only he knows how to remove the virus
on her way to search owen with the rest
outcasts a suspicious girl encounters
the cannibals
who hunt the outcast for food during the
chaos
a boy gets caught and killed while the
rest take shelter by the rocks
the girl who's still in a great panic
however is found by the coming bully guy
and the priest
under the interrogation she confides
that in exchange for her freedom
she plays as a spy for the military
intending to get close to owen for
secrets
as the bully god tries to remove the gps
tracker from her body
the girl struggles to free herself but
gets entangled
and assimilated by the seaweed like
creatures
learning a failed mission the commander
sends a sniper out
to continue their hunting of owen
meanwhile
the bully guy loses one more man who
gets killed by his curiosity to a
discarded bag
moments later the bully guy approaches
owen and anna
and takes control of the two by force
having noticed owen's importance
bully guy plans to take him as an
exchange with the military
owen knows that he may not escape this
time he then tells anna the safe way to
reach the paradise
turned emotional by such a kind man and
it kisses him soulfully
but without hormone let go due to too
many close eyes kept in place there
the sniper leads the soldiers to an
abandoned shelter taken up by the
cannibals
they clear it up with gunfire attempting
to ambush the outcasts there
as expected the remaining outcasts come
to the shelter later
where the bully guy meets the sniper and
begins to negotiate on the exchange
while owen seeks the mere chance to free
himself
after finding their target has escaped
the sniper hands the bully guy a gun
with no bullets
pretending to let him get owen back
first the bully guy
who smells the danger however wants to
strike first with the empty gun
before getting shot deadly by the sniper
the sniper later locates the priest
and shoots him dead but he keeps ana
alive as a hostage
trying to trap the hidden owen with the
help of an old man outcast
owen makes himself a hostage attempting
to exchange himself for anna
during the exchange however the sniper
changes his mind
and is about to shoot anna but he gets
punched dead suddenly by the bully guy
who recovers temporarily before dying
from the deadly gunshot
anna loses her consciousness due to a
tranquilizer shot
right following the battle the remaining
three set out their ultimate journey to
the paradise
island they drift with the water current
slowly
on top of the floating sea plants anna
regains her consciousness on the way
while the old man due to his worsening
injury and sick of the smelly hormones
filled in the air as well
chooses to jump into the water and end
his life to the sea monsters
on the other side learning of the failed
mission again the military sends out
more soldiers right away to hunt owen
the soldiers soon locate owen and
approach them right at that time however
the virus begins to infect the central
surveillance system
causing the spaceship to collapse into
the sea
thanks to the sea plants after they
managed to survive a vast waterfall
they're brought by the water currents
all the way to an island
which they found is actually the
so-called paradise
and turns out to be a secret military
base used by the commander for emergent
evacuation
thanks to owen's past engagement in the
project he recalls the missing passwords
finally for the gate
as the gate opens they soon find a
spaceship for emergency use
which however seems able to hold only
one person inside
owen tries to urge anna to leave alone
while anna is unwilling to leave her
darling behind
with no choice they squeeze into its
narrow cabin
and flee out of the planet titanium
wait a minute two guys like that fat
could even be squeezed in such a narrow
cabin
i can only picture in my mind that they
have to stack themselves up and down in
two layers
but is on the up and who's on the down
or perhaps with one inverted
i'd better call the police to give them
a ticket for overloading
and a six and nine violation while
driving
ten years later after the collapse of
the utopian city
the freedom alliance rebuilds a new city
on the planet titanium
with a new management system which
however is far more oppressive than ever
this is daniel cc movie channel bye